1. “There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.”  – Edith Wharton

2. “You do not find the happy life. You make it.” – Camilla Eyring Kimball

3. “The most wasted of days is one without laughter.” – E.E. Cummings

4. “Stay close to anything that makes you glad you are alive.” – Hafez

5. “Make each day your masterpiece.” – John Wooden

6. “Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn’t know you left open.” – John Barrymore

7. “Happiness is not by chance, but by choice.” – Jim Rohn

8. “Life changes very quickly, in a very positive way, if you let it.” – Lindsey Vonn

9. “Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.” – Helen Keller

You might also like these cheer quotes that will make your day better.

Short inspirational quotes about believing in yourself
10. “Impossible is for the unwilling.” – John Keats

11. “No pressure, no diamonds.” – Thomas Carlyle

12. “Believe you can and you’re halfway there.” – Theodore Roosevelt

13. “Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.” – Truman Capote

14. “It is never too late to be what you might have been.” – George Eliot

15. “When you have a dream, you’ve got to grab it and never let go.” – Carol Burnett

16. “You must be the change you wish to see in the world.” – Mahatma Gandhi

17. “Stay foolish to stay sane.” – Maxime Lagacé

18. “Stay hungry. Stay foolish.” – Steve Jobs

19. “Whatever you are, be a good one.” – Abraham Lincoln 

20. “You must do the things you think you cannot do.” – Eleanor Roosevelt

21. “Wherever you go, go with all your heart.” – Confucius

22. “Be faithful to that which exists within yourself.” – André Gide

23. “Dream big and dare to fail.” – Norman Vaughan

24. “My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive.” – Maya Angelou

25. “You are enough just as you are.” – Meghan Markle

Short inspirational quotes about perseverance
26. “To be the best, you must be able to handle the worst.” – Wilson Kanadi

27. “No matter what you’re going through, there’s a light at the end of the tunnel.” – Demi Lovato

28. “Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” – Albert Einstein

29. “Every moment is a fresh beginning.” – T.S. Eliot 

30. “No guts, no story.” – Chris Brady

31. “Keep going. Be all in.” – Bryan Hutchinson

32. “Leave no stone unturned.” – Euripides

33. “Nothing is impossible. The word itself says “I’m possible!” – Audrey Hepburn

34. “It isn’t where you came from. It’s where you’re going that counts.” – Ella Fitzgerald

If you’re enjoying these quotes, make sure to read our collection of Ella Fitzgerald quotes from the iconic singer.

35. “If it matters to you, you’ll find a way.” – Charlie Gilkey

36. “Tough times never last, but tough people do.” – Dr. Robert Schuller

37. “Turn your wounds into wisdom.” – Oprah Winfrey 

38. “The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.” – Lao Tzu

39. “If you’re going through hell, keep going.” – Winston Churchill

40. “Don’t wait, the time will never be just right.” – Napoleon Hill

41. “If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way.” – Martin Luther King Jr. 

42. “Life is fragile. We’re not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you’ve got.” – Tim Cook

43. “The bad news is time flies. The good news is you’re the pilot.” – Michael Altshuler

Short inspirational quotes about helping people
44. “Try to be a rainbow in someone’s cloud.” – Maya Angelou
If you’re enjoying these quotes, make sure to read our collection of Maya Angelou quotes celebrating success, love & life.

45. “Some people look for a beautiful place. Others make a place beautiful.” – Hazrat Inayat Khan

46. “Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.” – Isaac Asimov

47. “I’m starting to think this world is just a place for us to learn that we need each other more than we want to admit.” – Richelle E. Goodrich

48. “We have a responsibility to help those around us and help others in need.” – Virginia Williams

49. “No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of others.” – Charles Dickens (see more Charles Dickens quotes)

50. “No one has ever become poor by giving.” – Anne Frank

Short inspirational quotes to encourage you
51. “Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.” – Samuel Beckett

52. “The only thing that can grow is the thing you give energy to.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you’re enjoying these quotes, make sure to read our collection of Ralph Waldo Emerson quotes on living a great life.

53. “Good things happen to those who hustle.” – Anaïs Nin

54. “No greater gift there is, than a generous heart.” – Yoda

55. “Solitary trees, if they grow at all, grow strong.” – Winston Churchill

56. “A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself.” – Joseph Campbell
If you’re enjoying these quotes, make sure to check out our collection of hero quotes that inspire everyone to make a difference.

57. “You can if you think you can.” – George Reeves

58. “Worrying is like paying a debt you don’t owe.” – Mark Twain

59. “The wisest mind has something yet to learn.” – George Santanaya

60. “Get to the point where you get allergic to average! You don’t think average!” – Eric Thomas

Short inspirational quotes that will open your mind
61. “Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” – Oscar Wilde

62. “Open your mind. Get up off the couch. Move.” – Anthony Bourdain

63. “When you finally learn your self–worth… you stop giving others discounts.” – Unknown

64. “You never fail until you stop trying.” – Albert Einstein

65. “We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough.” – Helen Keller

66. “Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.” – Robert Louis Stevenson

67. “Whatever you do, do with all your might.” – Marcus Tullius Cicero

68. “In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.” – Albert Einstein

69. “He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.” – Friedrich Nietzsche

70. “If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one.” – Dolly Parton

If you’re enjoying these quotes, make sure to read our collection of Dolly Parton quotes from the iconic actress.

Short inspirational quotes to keep you moving forward
71. “Persistence guarantees that results are inevitable.” – Paramahansa Yogananda

72. “Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.” –George Bernard Shaw

73. “Some days you just have to create your own sunshine.” – Unknown

74. “Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.” – Martin Luther King Jr.

75. “There is no saint without a past, no sinner without a future.” – Augustine of Hippo

76. “Always do what you are afraid to do.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson

77. “Every noble work is at first impossible.” – Thomas Carlyle

78. “Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones.” – Ralph Emerson

79. “Defeat may serve as well as victory to shake the soul and let the glory out.” – Edwin Markham

80. “Overcome the notion that you must be regular. It robs you of the chance to be extraordinary.” – Uta Hagen

Short inspirational quotes to empower you
81. “Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway.“
Eleanor Roosevelt

82. Take time to do what makes your soul happy.”

83. “Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.“
Lance Armstrong

84. The bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship. William Blake

85. “When one door of happiness closes, another opens.“
Helen Keller
If you’re enjoying these quotes, you’ll love our collection of the pursuit of happiness quotes that will make you smile.

86. Sadness flies away on the wings of time. Jean de La Fontaine

87. “It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.” – Edmund Hillary

88. “Begin anywhere.” – John Cage

89. “Have faith in yourself and in the future.” – Ted Kennedy

90. “Most obstacles melt away when we make up our minds to walk boldly through them.” – Orison Swett Marden

Short inspirational quotes that will make your day
91. “Do it Now!” – Napoleon Hill

92. “The best way to prepare for life is to begin to live.”- Elbert Hubbard

93. “No great thing is created suddenly.” —Epictetus
If you’re enjoying these quotes, you’ll love our collection of Epictetus quotes that will make you think.

94. “And in the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It is the life in your years.” – Abraham Lincoln

95. “Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.”—Confucius

96. “Life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forward.” – Soren Kierkegaard

97. “I’d rather be optimistic and a fool, than pessimistic and right.” –Author unknown

98. “Courage is fear that has said its prayers.” – Dorothy Bernard

99. “Life is as easy or as hard as you think it is.”– Jonathan Lockwood Huie

100. “Live your dreams.” – Les Brown

Short inspirational quotes and short inspirational sayings
101. “The true vocation of man is to find his way for himself.” – Hermann Hesse

102. “A life of sacrifice is the pinnacle of art, and is full of true joy.” –Mahatma Gandhi

103. “No wind favors he who has no destined port.” —Montaigne

104. “It’s not what you look at that matters, it’s what you see.” – Henry Davis Thoreau

105. “Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile.” – Albert Einstein

106. “To know oneself, one should assert oneself.” –Albert Camus

107. “Men do less than they ought unless they do all they can.” – Thomas Carlyle

108. “People living deeply have no fear of death.” – Anais Nin

109. “A clever man commits no minor blunders.” – Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

110. “Be not afraid of going slowly, be afraid only of standing still.” –Chinese Proverb

Short inspirational quotes about life and dreams
111. “If I’m gonna tell a real story, I’m gonna start with my name.” – Kendrick Lamar

112. “Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction.”
– George Horace Lorimer

113. “All limitations are self-imposed.” – Oliver Wendell Holmes

114. “When you make a choice, you change the future.”– Deepak Chopra

115. “Determine your priorities and focus on them.” – Eileen McDargh
If you’re enjoying these quotes, make sure to read our collection of priority quotes that will help you clarify what’s important to you in your life.

116. “Words are your paintbrush, and your life is the canvas. You can paint whatever you want to paint.”― Miguel Ruiz

117. “Never let your emotions overpower your intelligence.” – Drake

118. “Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity.”– Oprah Winfrey

119. “Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.” – Rumi
If you’re enjoying these quotes, make sure to read our collection of Rumi quotes from the iconic poet.

120. “Always remember that you are unique  –  just like everybody else.” – Unknown

Quotes about inspiration for success
121. “If you tell the truth you don’t have to remember anything.” – Mark Twain

122. “Re-examine all you have been told. Dismiss what insults your soul.”
– Walt Whitman

123. “Have enough courage to start and enough heart to finish.” – Jessica N. S. Yourko

124. “Above all, a person is their will.”– Unknown

125. “Be so good they can’t ignore you.” – Steve Martin

126. “If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.”– Milton Berle

127. “Don’t you know your imperfections is a blessing?” – Kendrick Lamar

128. “Who you are tomorrow begins with what you do today.”– Tim Fargo

129. “Happiness depends upon ourselves.” – Aristotle

130. “You can’t have everything. Where would you put it?” – Steven Wright

Short life quotes to brighten your day
131. “Tough times never last but tough people do.” – Robert H. Schiuller

132. “Magic always happens when you direct your inner powers to the object you want to change.”– Bangambiki Habyarimana

133. “I could agree with you but then we’d both be wrong.” – Harvey Specter

134. “The only impossible journey is the one you never begin.”– Tony Robbins

135. “Yesterday you said tomorrow. Just do it.” – Nike

136. “Those at the top of the mountain didn’t fall there.”– Marcus Washling

137. “There is no substitute for hard work.” – Thomas Edison

138. “Mostly, the world sees you the way you see yourself.”– Lisa Nichols

139. “The meaning of life is to give life meaning.” – Ken Hudgins

140. “The elevator to success is out of order. You’ll have to use the stairs, one step at a time.” – Joe Girard

Other short positive quotes and sayings
141. “Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.” – Mahatma Gandhi

142. “We accept the love we think we deserve.” – Stephen Chbosky

143. “Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it’s better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.” – Marilyn Monroe

144. “We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.” – Oscar Wilde

145. “There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.” – Maya Angelou

146. “Everything you can imagine is real.” – Pablo Picasso

147. “Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” – Theodore Roosevelt

148. “It’s the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.” – Paulo Coelho

149. “Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.” – Dalai Lama

150. “Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you.” – Roy T. Bennett